# CS210FinalProject

* The goal of the project was to produce a list of all items purchased and the quantity, in addition to the amount of times an item was purchased that day. Lastly we needed to produce a text-based histogram with a visualization of how often an item was purchased.
* What I think I did particularly well was the syntactic organization. I have always had a problem of not being able to produce good looking/readable code. So, I think that with this project I found a good middle ground where I created code that I am comfortable with producing whilst it being readable to others.
* One major improvement I think I could have made was the addition of more descriptive comments. In addition to the better syntactic organization, I think descriptive comments to clarify my choices and certain function purposes would not only help others understand my thinking but also improve mine as well.
* I think the callIntFunc in the Main.cpp was the most difficult to create mostly because of the amount of syntactic complexity it has. There are various global and local variables, along with various operators, functions and paramters that are utilized. I generally struggle with structure and syntax, so this block of code was by far the most complex for me because of the various layers it had. It is something I am still struggling with but I have found that the website LeetCode is a great resource for practicig code, so that is definitely useful. 
* I think that fact that this project or rather the practice of the dual use of Python and C++. I have never used to different languages in the same project before. Well, with the exception of web-development, but I do not really count that as a part of it since JavaScript is not object-oriented like Python or C++, plus it is pretty much mandatory to work with more than one language when it comes to web-development. 
